# Protokoll:

| 02.05.2024, 10:00-11:00                                                  | Ort: Insel              |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ----------------------- |
| Teilnehmer:<br />Laura, <br />Michael,<br />Roger,<br />Leo,<br />Manuel | Entschuldigt:<br />     |
| Protokollführung: Roger                                                  | Sitzungsleitung: Manuel |

## Traktandenliste:

- [ ] Presentation of the fourth iteration (Manuel)
- [ ] Feedback (Roger)
- [ ] Presentation of the "me_testing" branch (Waldo)
  - [ ] What should be included in the main branch?
- [ ] Question: Is cloning Horos UI still a desired task?
- [ ] Planning for the **last** iteration
  - [ ] Requirements
  - [ ] What is needed for project handover (documentation,...)?
  - [ ] Doability
  - [ ] Final Decision
- [ ] Arrange final meeting to present work of last iteration and project handover
- [ ] Else

## Feedback

## Requirements

## Other things

- **Next Meeting:**
